[Music]
what generations this peaceful island
has been home to our families but the
andari
a great danger is coming
legend tells of a hero who journey to
find that demigod Maui
and together they will save us all
[Music]
demigod of the wind and sea of men what it's
actually Maui shapeshifter demigod of
the Windansea
hero of men I interrupt it from the top
hero of men go impact going on a mission
with some little girl is my canoe and
you did not see that coming the ocean is
a friend of mine
first we got to go through a whole
notion of bad Kaka hoorah
kako what
they're kind of cute
got your back it's Maori time
really blow-dart and my butt cheek we're
going to the realm of monsters don't
worry it's a lot farther down than it
looks
[Music]
you